GAME
{
    // Computer belongs to Doctor Jacques Moreau
    
    // Sent mail

	"MailFrom3"     "To: Personal database"
	"MailDate3"		"Date: 01/11/42"
	"MailSubject3"	"Subject: Research notes (2)"
	"MailBody3A"	"It is still difficult for me to pronounce on the subject’s nativity to this planet, but our basic analyses of the spore samples discovered by the Stibius expedition made at least one thing certain: life does exist here, on Cassius-III. Although I would not outright reject the notion that purer or stranger mutations may inhabit other parts of the galaxy, given the adaptability and resilience it has demonstrated as transcribed here."
	"MailBody3B"    "I - Slowly progressing our understanding of the alien organism, we established that the subjects at test, when separated from their natural habitat, somehow manipulate their own cells so that they may form a solid shape - perhaps acting as a mechanism of self-preservation. Though it is still too early to be sure, it would appear that the alien’s genome allows its bearer to maintain some sort of symbiotic relationship between each individual cell."
	"MailBody3C"    "II - Whilst measuring behavior under varied environmental conditions, I have then noticed that they (the spores) flourish on lighter gravity, seemingly inclined to divide into millions of minuscule bodies capable of free air motion. Out of every experiment I have conducted as of now however, it is my belief that the one most prone to raising intrigue was our very last, which involved putting a sample of spores under terrestrial conditions in cohabitation with a mammal species. To that end I used Caesar, one of our lab mice."
	"MailBody3D"    "III - It was my intention to observe the symbiosis’ instinctive reaction in proximity to a foreign entity. If the certainty of the results is obviously not yet established, it would appear the spore’s primary reflex consists not in building a self-defense system (as it had done under lighter gravity’s conditions), but to assail the nearest life form in a most aggressive exhibit of behavior. In the span of an hour, the alien cells managed to penetrate Caesar’s body via his nasal orifices before re-manifesting in the form of neoplasms exiting from his back, stomach and muzzle. Subject died nearly 22 minutes following the first tumor’s appearance. What I now need to do is study these growths after having them pulled out of Caesar's flesh, which will probably serve as my main activity for the next few weeks."

	"MailFrom4"     "To: Personal database"
	"MailDate4"		"Date: 04/19/42"
	"MailSubject4"	"Subject: Research notes (8)"
	"MailBody4A"	"Test on subject 02-F.01 (female, 31 y/o, construction engineer): I- inhalation by the subject. II- appearance of the first neoplasm at minute 51 of exposure to the symbiosis. III- tumor growths are now covering the entirety of the subject’s body at minute 96 of exposure. IV- subject’s death at minute 130 of exposure. V- neoplasms multiply upon themselves through a process of hypertrophy, harnessing the subject’s organic cells as a means to expand. VI- symbiosis alters its molecular structure, assuming control in the form of separated organic tissues amassed and morphed from the host’s body. VII- early in their lifespan, each newborn sub-entity is equipped with a varied range of appendages, which I believe to be capable of inflicting severe damage on unprotected human flesh. By all accounts, these... ‘hybrid’ kinds of creatures seem to preserve an innate pattern of unrelenting aggressiveness, similar to what we’ve come to associate the sporous airborne cells with."
	"MailBody4B"    "All results seem to corroborate: this ‘weapon’ of sorts used by the symbiosis resembles, in all respects, a most exceptional form of cancer. However, the entity’s behavior following its growth as an artificial tumor could lead to implications far beyond our original attributions on Cassius-III. We’re to confront an actual, genuine species of hybrid origin, whose mere existence should naturally beg the question: to what degree of intelligence do these entities function? Are they capable of breeding and/or propagating? And from the unique behavior of their cells, what can we possibly learn not only about them, but in relation to ourselves?"
	"MailBody4C"    "We are approaching a key point at understanding life in ways other than our own. And yet, I cannot help but think... Somewhere, within this chimera, could be concealed the immense potential in painting our way towards a new scientific lucidity as for the cancerous pathologies of Man: a better, deeper understanding of their emergence, their functioning, and in due time the discovery of a systematic method in fully preventing their spread. Perhaps, with hard work and sacrifice could we be able to bring into existence the decisive cure against the age-old scourge of our species and, in doing so, drive humanity towards a safer era."
	"MailBody4D"    "Sidenote: Dr. Da Silva is... tolerant of our actions for the moment being. But I know Lin as a person of empathetic nature. Her support will most certainly fail once she realizes that our guinea pigs are by no means voluntary and rather selected among settlers by precise criteria. It is unfortunately imperative that she’d be removed from our operations at a future date."
}